welcome dear viewers and subscribers
my edges losing super it will be
will hamster first we bought it
a lot of things the first is this
metal labyrinth can say so
it is taken that another rope goes there
principle here
that is to keep themselves and the glove
set because she see
passes as I think like this
against the stain well, I think the best
even we bought him another kuzya plus it
rodent honey sticks
for hamsters for mice I don't know rats until
all can be considered a nut here used
expiration date I wonder not
gone bad
14th of April
no pony spoiled for 1 1 year exactly
I know it
400 tenge cost for diet
hamster
daily feed and it's lucky here
such compaq on ceramics if you find
they cost about 350 not fruit I teach him
that is, for a hamster, this is super
go-karts are beautiful here and i to hamster
at night see what I am doing there
made yourself a portable flashlight flashlight
smart on already old amazing
battery and flashlight thing and here it is
includes here with the help
push minus this is minus because hamsters
now I will get it with my help
my glove
some kind of this stick is worth poverty
he is very joyful 8 here and
so that we go through the otg label and not
fell I put beat down the old snake
a toy of his what else is this toy and
T-shirts or whatever they call they don't even know
if i try these like we have 1 camera
put something like that crooked department in general
could get a hamster got a curve
here is my hamster with sawdust pulled out a monster and
darling has become very gentle funny so far
pore without 1 paw is good that u but the food is not
it does n’t hurt that it’s already long
long ago healed very long time ago and places
there need to clean up then I did not walk
He sits for three days already all there crap
There and carrot tomi cabbage all lies
Generally happy for mine when I am this
put a stick there all at once gnaw
I started it already got a few pieces
very tender narrow
mineral stone places there are not
visible mineral stone worth you see
the carrot is big and you can't
buy such a stick will be joyful
and lucky food lucky who
stronger
my hamster or lucky one
the hamster is dead or they are like broken but i
I will use it soon I will
use for summer with clever decrepit but
I sealed it
the second see the glove of the wrong cases
in general, I'm still dear who bought the machine
who did not see the video review of it in the name of it
goes forgiving machine very happy and there
installed new batteries and correctly
picked up with mice at all cute it's quick
rides and signals to roll almost at the interrogation
grab
Azazazaza smells eat think pumped up
now something already stopped already smart
that is, who is wise, that wise in many
whether you are going to be wise or not
I’ve been coming up for a long time
let's go let 's see spam
freedom
someone no updates no
principle of such a maze forging plus and hour
elevator feed and everything like everything about them is gone before
see you soon